Answer1
A) Create, D) ALTER

Answer2
A) Update, B) Delete, C) Select

Answer3
B) Structured Query Language

Answer4
B) Data Definitive Language

Answer5
A) Data Manipulation Language

Answer6
C) Create Table A (B int, C float)

Answer7
B) Alter Table A ADD COLUMN D float

Answer8
B) Alter Table A Drop Column D

Answer9
B) Alter Table A Alter Column D int

Answer10
D) none of them

Answer11
Data Warehouse:- It is a type of data management, that contain large amount of business data and used to perform queries and analysis to derive useful business insights.
The data within a data warehouse is usually derived from multiple sources such as application log files and transaction applications.

Answer12
OLTP:- 
1. Stands for Online Transaction Processing.
2. Its function is to capture and maintain trasaction data in a database.
3. Its response time is in millisecond.
OLAP:-
1. Stands for Online Analytical Processing.
2. It is used to perform queries and analysis on large amount of data from OLTP database.
3. Its response time is depend on the amount of data to process.

Answer13
There are main four characterstics of Data Warehousing:-
1. Subject Oriented:- It is subject oriented as it tell information about a specific theme.
For ex. Sales, marketing, distribution etc.
2. Integrated:- Data warehouse is built by integrating data from multiple sources.
3. Time-Variant:- The data is built on different time interval such as weeekly, monthly, or annually.
4.  Non-Volatile:- In data warehouse, the data resided is permanent. Hence the data cannot be erased or deleted when new data is inserted. 
Answer14
This schema is widely used to build a data warehouse and dimensional data marts. 
It includes one or more fact tables indexing any number of dimensional tables. 
The star schema is a necessary case of the snowflake schema. 
It is also efficient for handling basic queries.

Answer15
SETL (stands for SET Language) is based on set theory and used for mathematical and telecommunication applications.
The operations on sets available in SETL are the usual set-theoretic ones, among others intersection, union, difference, as well as tests for element and (sub)set inclusion.